README.md, before:

# Rahfi's Portfolio Website

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: enhance README with badges and project details
Updated README to include badges, project overview, and author information.

README.md, after:

![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-%23007ACC.svg?&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%23323330.svg?&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintenance-Yes-green)
![Build](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Passing-green)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio_Website-Click_here-brightgreen)](https://rahfi.pro)

<h1>Rahfi's Portfolio Website (<a href="https://rahfi.pro">rahfi.pro</a>)</h1>
<img width="1584" height="396" alt="portfolio-banner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c42336bf-9b3e-4b9d-89f2-49a35079ea14" />

### Project Overview

<p align="justify">
   is a modern, high-performance personal portfolio website designed to showcase professional experience, research projects, and creative works through an elegant, responsive interface.
  Built with Next.js 14, Tailwind CSS, and Shadcn UI, the project emphasizes performance, accessibility, and modular scalability — serving as both a digital resume and an interactive project hub.
</p>

### Getting Started

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

### Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

---

### Author
GitHub: [@rahfianugerah](https://www.github.com/rahfianugerah)
